Name: mule vijay kumar Reddy
Date:30/11/2024 

THE PROJECT : INVERTED SEARCH
         Main moto of the project is to map the given words to the documentation.
    In inverted search there are different ways to collect or to document the data using searching they are
    1.Create database
    2.Display database
    3.Search database
    4.Save database
    5.Update database
Let us discuss each function....

Validation :Firstly we have to do the validation of every data like .txt or not and extension of the size and valide file or 
not and duplicate files are not allowed by using validation
First we have to create hashtable for create database.

1.Create database : In create database we have to create the data using read mode "r"  and open the file in 
read mode.Read the data from the file.
Check whether the given word is %97 are not all characters must be in lower case letters only using %97. 
Compare each word with the index and whether the given input is same or not we have to check with temp variable.
After every data we have to close the file using fclose function.
Every time we have to validate the each index and compare each word using index.

2.Display database : In display database we have to display each data with the help of using files in "w" mode.
In diplay mode we have to check whether the given character is valid or not in this only we have to check 26 alphabets
and NULL character and new line only 28 are valid in this function.
If the different data is presenty means we can give the error message the character is invalid.
We have to check with the main node with subnode link is present or not And in printing we have to check with the
index and file count,word,file name,and word count.These can be valid for displaying the data in display mode.

3.Search database : In search database we have to read the word from the user and take on temp variable and then
we have to compare the main node with the temp link nd sub node with main subnode link and then find the index
and check for word in index then if itb is found print the file count,file name,word count.
If the word is not found then print word is not found.

4.Save database : In save database we have to save the data in a another file by the user can read the file and
check whether the file is .txt or not and do validation for each.
For save database we have to give each with the # and for every character is given by semicolon(;),and for index(#)
for word we have to separate with semicolon(;) and file count(;),file name(;) and word count(:) and finally we have 
to end with #.Finally the data which we have saved in the file i.e f1.txt f2.txt f3.txt these are stored in a another
file given by user and that is stored in a backup.txt with the different forms #,; and etc.

5.Update database : In update database we have to update the new data which we can store in anotther file and save
it and then we have to update the data in a backup file.so the new data also updated into that file.

